1. How would you describe acessibility on the web to someone new to programming?
    The web comes in multiple differenct screens and held by a variety types of people. Not everyone has 
20/20 vision and may have disabilities of other things. By making your web accessible, you are opening equality
up to everyone. For example, semantic tags are what the internet is able to read; and some people
may need the internet itself to read to them whats on the screen; so forth if you have more divs then 
semantic tags, the internet would not be able to read to them the same amount of information as if 
a human reading it. In addition, not everyone has the same screen size; some may have huge screens and
others might not be able to afford huge screens; so forth, you do not want to be bias, and you want to make 
sure that your information shows up on all sizes, without hindering others. With making your web responsive to fit 
multiple different screen sizes, you are creating your web to be accessible and equal to all.

2. Talk about 3 different things you can do to ensure your website is accessible. 
    Three things you can do to make sure your web page is accessible would be; one, making your
    web responsive to multiple different screen sizes. Another would be to use as much semantic
    tags as possible to allow those who use a screen reader, to be able to access as much information
    as possible. A third would be labeling alt textes as much as possible; for example, if your image 
    is unable to load for any type of reason, they could atleast know what that image is about
    with you labeling the alt text.

3. How would you explain the concept of a variable to someone new to programming?
    a variable holds the data value. Its like the container for cereal. When you put cereal
    in the container, you are holding all the information inside that container and if there 
    is a need for information to come out, you would have to open the container lid (the return statement).
    Now without a variable, thats as if all the data (pieces of cereal) is spilled all over the place, it creates
    a mess and you can't access anything because nothing is in your container. 

4. What is the purpose of using functions in code?
    functions are basically the task. functions provide the information of what you need 
    to do in order to get the product from the finishing task. With out functions, you would
    not be able to tell the browser to do what you want it to do. Without instructions, you
    have no steps towards a finish product.
